# MEAN stack starter w/ TypeScript and Angular 2
> Created by Nitish Dayal | Started: 8/12/2016

**Note: This project is currently under development. I really wouldn't bother playing around just yet, I've only just gotten started and it's probably pretty broken.**

Yet another Angular 2/MEAN stack starter, hooray! Being created for personal use, but it should be able to serve as a reasonable starting point for a basic MEAN project.


## Motivation
___
I started learning Angular 2 and ended up falling in love with TypeScript. I wanted to use TypeScript throughout the entire MEAN stack and after looking at some other starters out in the wild, I wasn't really happy with what they had to offer in terms of:

- TypeScript across the stack
- Plug-and-play usability
- Easy to use toolset

Basically I want to "TypeScript all the things" without having to think about if my task runner or bundler configuration or whatever else is set up correctly. 

## Dependencies
___

* ExpressJS
* CORS
* MongoDB
* Mongoose
* TypeScript
* TypeScript Node
* Angular-CLI

The project assumes that the server and client applications will be deployed separately, so CORS implementation is a must. During development, `ng serve` will use the Angular CLI to serve the client side application on `http://localhost:4200/`, and `npm start-dev` will run the Express/TypeScript Node server and listen for requests on `http://localhost:8000/`. For distrubution builds, use `ng build --prod` and `npm build-server`. This will place both the server and client packages into a newly created dist/ directory.

The client side structure was originally generated by the Angular CLI and is in the process of being trimmed down extensively; the project utilizes the Angular CLI to "programagically" build out the client side application. This means no mention of Webpack, SystemJS, Gulp, Grunt, JSPM, Rollup, Browserify, etc. The only tools used for building out distrubution packages are the Angular CLI and the TypeScript compiler, neither of which will require any set-up or configuration.

## License
___
MIT